managing your career and family life effectively requires a very careful
balance between the two you have to remember that eventually you
are gonna leave the service you can't do it for ever so you don't want
to be messing up your family lifestyle and having issues with that
because you're always going to have your family the service is only
gonna be there while you're in it you even when you're retired or
you might still be some benefits sure maybe go down to the VFW for me
from time to time but you know your family is always going to be either
gonna be always responsible for them so you have to make sure
that you're kind of doing a very good balancing act between your career
your family life remember that your family's gonna be forever in
your careers only momentarily you know in your in your life cycle